# Extra Class - Fruit

* I love apple juice

	- Apple: Maçã.

* Banana sweet is wonderful.

	- Banana: banana.

	- Banana sweet: doce de banana. 

* Blackberry is my favorite fruit.

	- Blackberry: Amora

* Blueberry is a very healthy fruit

	- Blueberry: Mirtilo.

* The color of the cherry is magnificent.

	- Cherry: Cereja

	- Magnificent: Magnífico

* The dragonfruit is a beautiful fruit.

	- Dragonfruit: Pitaia.

* Wine is made out of grapes of several colors.

	- Grapes: uvas.

	- made out of: feito(a) de
	- several: diversas

* Grapefruit is not very common in Brazil.

	- Grapefruit: toranja.

* Guavas area rich in vitamin "C".

	- Ghuava: goiaba.

* The jackfruit is discuting.

	- Jackfruit: jaca.

	- disgusting: nojento.

* Lemons are yellow.

	- Lemon: Limão ciciliano.

* The lime is green.

	- Lime: Limão.

* Mango is a sweet fruit.

	- Mango: Manga.

* There is also a yellow melon, very common in Brazil.

	- Melon: melão.
	- Yellow melon: melão amarelo.

* I have a big mulberry tree in my backyard.

	- Mulberry: Amora.

	- Backyard: Jardim dos fundos/ quintal.

* The most famous fruit juice is the orange juice.

	- Orange: laranja.

* The name passion fruit is because of the flower.

	- Passion fruit: maracujá.,

	- Flower: flor.

* Pear is a juicy fruit.

	- Pear: Pêra
	
	- Juicy: suculento(a).

* The pineapple has a green crown.

	- Pineapple: abacaxi.

	- crown: coroa.

* Redberries are very tasty.

	- Redberries: amora vermelha.

	- Tasty: Saboroso(a).

* Sometimes the starrfruit is bittersweet.

	- Starfruit: carambola.

	- Bittersweet: Azedinho doce.
	- Sometimes: As vezes.

* Strawberry is my favorite flavor of ice cream.

	- Strawberry: morango.
	
	- flavor: Sabor.
	- Ice cream: sorvete.

* Watermelon is a big fruit.

	- Watermelon: Melancia

